# Where should I start?

We recommend first starting to learn about Hitnmiss by reading the
[README](https://github.com/Acornsgrow/hitnmiss/blob/master/README.md). Beyond
that you can explore the sections below to identify the path that best fits you.
**Note:** This project follows a contribution [code of
conduct](https://github.com/Acornsgrow/hitnmiss/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## How can I help?

There are a number of ways you can help.

- Report Bugs
- Add Feature Requests
- Add/Update Documentation
- Triage Bugs
- Code Contributions

### Report Bugs

As a user a relatively easy way to contribute is to report bugs that you run
into. Generally, this should be done via our
[ISSUES](https://github.com/Acornsgrow/hitnmiss/issues) page. However, if it is
a security issue please send an e-mail directly to one of the core authors found
in the
[gemspec](https://github.com/Acornsgrow/hitnmiss/blob/master/hitnmiss.gemspec#L10)
rather than creating a public issue for it. This will give us some time to
review it and resolve it before people can abuse the security flaw.

### Add Feature Requests

One simple way to get involved after starting to use the project is to
contribute by adding feature requests for things that you see as gaps for the
project. This can be done by creating an issue or our
[ISSUES](https://github.com/Acornsgrow/hitnmiss/issues) page.

### Add/Update Documentation

You can also contribute by correcting, updating, or adding additional
documentation. This can be done by making a pull request for documentation in
any of our top level markdown files.

### Triage Bugs

Triaging bugs is also very important. This is the practice of the reviewing
[ISSUES](https://github.com/Acornsgrow/hitnmiss/issues), making sure that the
submitter provided necessary information to review the bugs, and classify them
appropriately.

### Code Contributions

The most involved type of contribution you can make is to actually submit code
to implement features, fix bugs, etc. This is done by submitting a pull request.
See
[DEVELOPING](https://github.com/Acornsgrow/hitnmiss/blob/master/DEVELOPMENT.md)
for further details on getting started with a code contribution.
